# CSV Console application

The project is for comparing a csv file and output the difference.

Prerequisites:
1. Visual Studio or any build tool to build the project.
2. Access to the directory where the build will be deployed.
3. Administrator access permissions for running the application.
4. CSV files for comparision.

Steps to run the csv comparision console application:
1. The CSV files should be placed in the same directory as the build folder.
2. Build the application using any build tool.
3. Double click on the exe file generated by the build tool.
4. Enter the File 1 file name.
5. Enter the File 2 file name.
6. The comparision tool will create a file with all the differences in the path .\difference\difference_<timestamp>.txt, the data is seperated by '\t'. The contents of the file can be copied to an excel file for better redability.

  # Notepad++ install uninstall powershell scirpt
  The NPPInstallUninstall.ps1 power shell script will check if the installation file from a remote location is the latest version, uninstall the current version if the latest version is found and install the latest version from the remote folder.
  
  Prerequisite:
  1. A window machine with administrator privledges.
  2. Remote folder with Notepad++ installer file with the same name as downloaded from the https://notepad-plus-plus.org/.
  
  Steps to run the powershell script
  1. Open powershell as an administrator
  2. Navigate to the folder where the NPPInstallUninstall.ps1 script is saved.
  3. Execute the command NPPInstallUninstall.ps1 -RemoteInstallerFileLocation '<Notepad installer remote file path>'
  
